# INFO-201-AG5-Project
Final Project - Analyzing Greenhouse Gas Emissions and its Impact on Air Pollution and Wildfires

Informing people of issues like excess GHG emissions is the first step to creating a solution. We are targetting Washington residents, scientists, and policymakers with this project. People generally must first visualize the issue at hand before they have the incentive to work towards the cause. With this project we are looked at GHG emissions throughout recent history (2010-2023) to demonstrate where the issue of increased emissions is taking place and the possible impacts of these emissions on our state. We discovered a general increasing trend when it comes to total emissions and ranked the sectors, companies, and cities based off their emission totals. After we analyzed the locations of the issue we moved to how this issue could lead to issues that impact human and wildlife. We first compared this GHG data to wildfire data in Washington and discovered a possible correlation between an increase in GHG emissions throughout the years and an increase in wildfire sizes. We then looked at AQI and air pollution data to discover that on average, our air is still safe and isn't showing any signs of worsening yet even with an increase in total emissions. Overall, our concerns with an increase in GHG emissions impacting our everyday lives shouldn't be present yet, but we do need to be wary of this increase since it could possible impact our future. We need to work towards different solutions to reduce our GHG emissions for the future at hand.
